I have a bunk full of friends and yet I
am lonely i sleeped all of them every
day yet none of them really know me the
problem I have the reason I'm not seen
is that my phone is at camp and I was
staring at the screen I took a step back
and open my eyes I looked around and
realized these phones we call social are
anything but when we unlock our screens
it's our doors we shut all this
technology we have as an illusion when
you step away from this device of
delusion you awaken to see a camp of
diversity inclusion we are at our most
happy with an experience we share but is
it the same if your phone is there be
there for your friends and they'll be
there too but no friends are made if a
group message will do
being alone isn't the problem let me
just emphasize if you learn to juggle
paint a picture or do some exercise
you'll being productive and present nor
reserved and recluse you're being awake
attentive and putting your time to good
use so when you're in the dining room
and you start to feel alone sanitize
your hands and step away from the phone
you don't need to stare at facebook or
text just talk to one another learn to
coexist when I was a camp away from home
I'd be out my friends on the battlefield
we'd roam we'd wear costumes from the
theater and play music in Sun City build
our own rocket and watch it set free now
the gar gar pits so quiet it gives me a
chill see no children outside rolling
down the hill there's no horseback no
waterfront no tennis no climbing wall
we're a generation of blackberry and
smartphone people so look up from your
phone shut down the display stop
carrying in your pocket experience camp
the real way just one real connection is
all it can take to show the difference
that being there can make be there in
the moment as you make a new friend that
you remember forever unlike a text that
you send you don't have to tell hundreds
of what you've just done love the ones
you're with and just have fun time you
taking all you've made when you're
giving Prime's attention and how you're
real glad you didn't waste it by looking
down at some invention none of these
times ever happened you never had any of
this when you're too busy looking down
you don't realize the daily sign up you
missed so look up for your phones shut
down those display we have a finite
existence a set number of days I am
guilty too of being part of this machine
on cell phones we are heard we are not
seen where we type as we talk and read
as we chat where we spend hours in the
bunk without making eye contact so don't
give in to life where you follow the
hype give people your love don't give
them your like disconnect from the need
to be heard and defined go enjoy I can't
believe distractions behind look up from
your phone shut down display take in
independent Lake Camp make the most of
today